>> Brian Holt: We're gonna start by
writing React with no build step
whatsoever.
I'll be honest, you probably will
never write React like this again.
But it's really good for you demystify
how React is working behind the scenes.
A lot of people criticize most React
tutorials that they just kind of throw you
off the deep end and say here's
everything already set up for you and
here's a bunch of magic that you
have no idea what it's doing.
We're gonna peek behind the curtains,
see how everything's working.
And then once you get annoyed
with how it's working,
we're going to put all the nice
convenience layers back on top of it.
So I'm gonna come in to my terminal here,
and we're gonna make a directory called,
I'm just gonna call it Frontend Masters.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so I have this new directory
called Frontend Masters.
This is gonna be the root of my project.
And the first thing that I'm gonna do is
I'm going to create another directory
called src for source, right?
This is where all my
source files are gonna go.
This isn't necessarily a React thing,
this is how I just choose
to organize my projects.
So I'm gonna make a new
file called index.html.
So now inside of here I
have this one HTML file.
And I'm gonna open this in my editor.
So I'm gonna actually open the whole
directory here in VS Code.
People often accuse me of shilling for
Microsoft because I use VS Code.
I was using VS Code when I was still
at Netflix, this is my favorite editor.
I was a Sublime hardcore user for
a long time.
I was as TextMate user before that.
But VS Code is just so compelling to use.
So if you're not using VS Code,
I'm going to highly suggest it.
Unless you're using VIM, then you can just
play off in your wonderland with your
magic fingers.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: I don't know how to do that
stuff.
Okay, so we're gonna open our
index.html file here, okay?
Right now it's just an empty file.
We're going to create an empty shell.
Which there's a thing here called Emmet.
So if I hit html:5 and then hit Tab,
it generates the entire
outline of a document for me.
This is just something that
VS Code has included for it,
but everything has bindings for Emmet.
It's emmet.io, I think, emmet.io.
So if you wanna install that in your
favorite editor, just go to emmet.io.
They'll show you how to do that.
But if you're using VS Code,
it's just built into it.
>> Brian Holt: If you don't feel like
installing Emmet, you don't have to.
I don't think I'll really
be using it after this,
so you can just copy what's there.
Today, we are going to be
building a pet adoption app, so
that you can adopt your own pets.
And we're gonna be using real data
from a real API, the Petfinder API.
So we're gonna call our app
whatever you wanna call it.
I just called mine Adopt Me!
You can call it whatever you want.
True story,
I taught a workshop in Iceland.
This is a US-only API that
we're gonna be using.
But someone, when I was taught this
workshop in Iceland, saw a dog on,
while they were building this application.
Flew to San Franciso, adopted the dog,
and took it back to Iceland.
So I like to say that I saved lives.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]